- Which of the following commands will build an image from a Dockerfile located in the current directory and tag it as my-custom-image:1?
A: docker build -t my-custom-image:1 .		(correct)
B: docker build -tag my-custom-image:1 .
C: docker build -tag my-custom-image:1
D: docker build .

- Which storage driver is the default for current versions of CentOS/RHEL and Ubuntu?
A: aufs
B: direct-lvm
C: devicemapper
D: overlay2		(correct)

- Which of the following commands would we use to retrieve a list of volumes on the current machine?
A: docker volume ps
B: docker volume rm
C: docker volume inspect
D: docker volume ls		(correct)

- Which of the following commands will allow us to mount the /my/path directory on the host to a container? (Choose two)
A: docker run -v /my/path:/tmp nginx		(correct)
B: docker run --mount source=/my/path,destination=/tmp nginx		(correct)
C: docker run --mount source=new-volume,destination=/tmp nginx
D: docker run --mount source=new-volume,hostpath=/my/path,destination=/tmp nginx

- What is the primary purpose of a Docker registry?
A: It builds images
B: It stores and organizes Dockerfiles
C: It provides a central location for storing and distributing images		(correct)
D: Scan images for vulnerabilities

- What tool should we use if we need to manage a multi-container application as a unit on a single Docker host?
A: We should use Docker Swarm
B: We should execute docker-run
C: We should use a Docker stack
D: We should use Docker Compose		(correct)

- Dylan is getting ready to run a container. He needs this container to auto-restart whenever its process exits, but he doesn't want it to restart if the container had manually stopped earlier. Which restart policy should he use?
A: manual-control
B: on-failure
C: always
D: unless-stopped		(correct)

- When creating a container, how would we specify that the container should be attached to an existing network called my-network?
A: We can use docker run --network my-network nginx		(correct)
B: We can use docker run --network-alias web nginx
C: We can use docker run -n my-network nginx
D: We can use docker run --attach my-network nginx

- How would we create a new swarm cluster?
A: Run docker cluster create
B: Run docker swarm init		(correct)
C: Use a Docker compose file that defines a new cluster
D: Start dockerd with the swarm=true flag

- Which network driver connects containers directly to a network stack on the host machine without any isolation?
A: none
B: bridge
C: macvlan
D: host		(correct)